the anti-hero par excellence of nintendo
they return game and war I paraguay although
I can be deceived
we are not facing a new game of the
saga war web so discover with
what is this really about?
new user title
the first thing we have to make clear
is that we are not facing a full future
of micro five-second games game
and war I have 16 games of
being variable size and complexity being 12
of them for a player and 4 for the
all multiplayer of course
they play exclusively with the
wii command without exception
the variety of games is somewhat scarce and
the fun and quality of them
It also varies a lot between one and the other
we found elaborate games like arrow
or taxi that are not bad but that once
we have overcome their different levels
They do not offer much more than trying
improve our score
there are some pretty original games
as a camera where we will have to use the
command as a photo camera to capture
the characters that will appear in the
next cover of the newspaper
among the funniest is
gamer that mixes the classic succession of
micro warioware games with the
vigilance of our mother nine bolt
plays hidden during the night without
permission from his mother and we will have
that help him we play the micro games in
the command and at the same time we should
stay tuned to television for
prevent us from discovering the tension is
maximum in the last levels
the multiplayer mode has four
games a really scarce number for
a way that should have a lot more
strength by luck are quite
funny
the first game invites a whole classic
of pictionary board games
meanwhile on island we launched front to
different floating platforms for
get points and nothing was decided
until the last move
the classic game of the thief and
policemen reinvents themselves in 'fruit where
who plays with the wii command must
steal the fruit from the stage without the
rest of the players discover their
identity
finally on disk we will have to continue
the rhythm of the music to repeat them
with phases that mark our
opponent and overcome his score
the title has a version of the
drawing game adapted to my bears in
this mode will be other players who
suggest words and we will have
we can draw them we can share
drawings in my bears propose our
own words and see the designs that
other users do to encourage the
region skill the title has
many collectable objects with challenges
of score to be exceeded and most
of the games have different
levels or scenarios but all this does not
solve that we can finish the title in
little more than one afternoon and that ends
being repetitive a few days after
game and although the multiplayer mode yes
offers fun times in company
after a couple of weekends the
Novelty will have passed and we will decant
for other multiplayer titles more
entertained
as you will have verified throughout the
game and war analysis I have small
different quality games that end
forming a repetitive title with little
attractive and is that unlike what
what happens in the saga war were in this
occasion several eggs do not make a title
complete that is worth buying